2.x Deprecate Twig environment option variables (#1997)
timber/timber: docs/guides/performance.md

**functions.php**

```php
add_filter( 'timber/twig/environment/options', function( $options ) {
	$options['cache'] = true;

    return $options;
} );
```

You can look in your your `/vendor/timber/timber/cache` directory to see what these files look like.

If you want to change the path where Timber caches the Twig files, you can pass in an absolute path for the `cache` option:

```php
add_filter( 'timber/twig/environment/options', function( $options ) {
	$options['cache'] = '/absolute/path/to/twig_cache';

    return $options;
} );
```

> This does not cache the _contents_ of the variables. This is recommended as a last-step in the production process. Once enabled, any change you make to a `.twig` file (just tweaking the HTML for example) will not go live until the cache is flushed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This does not cache the _contents_ of the variables. But rather, the structure of the Twig files themselves (i.e. the HTML and where those variables appear in your template). Once enabled, any change you make to a `.twig` file (just tweaking the HTML for example) will not go live until the cache is flushed.

Thus, during development, you should enable the option for `auto_reload`:
```php
  add_filter( 'timber/twig/environment/options', function( $options ) {
    $options['cache']       = true;
    $options['auto_reload'] = true;
    return $options;
  });
```
... you can set `$options['auto_reload'] = false` when in production

```

Author: Yes, I wasn’t aware of the `auto_reload` feature either before working on this pull request. The example I added in the method example matches what I tested out. And it worked flawlessly 😎.
